ISPN-11304 Add anchored keys documentation in developer guide (#8559)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/anchored_keys.adoc

contains copies of all the keys and their locations, plus the overhead of the cache itself.

Therefore, a node with anchored-keys caches should stop accepting new entries when it has less than
`(<key size> + <per-key overhead>) * <number of entries not yet inserted>` bytes available.

NOTE: The number of entries not yet inserted is obviously very hard to estimate.
In the future we may provide a way to limit the overhead of key location information,
e.g. by using a distributed cache.

The per-key overhead is lowest for off-heap storage, around 63 bytes:
8 bytes for the entry reference in `MemoryAddressHash.memory`,
29 bytes for the off-heap entry header,
and 26 bytes for the serialized `RemoteMetadata` with the owner's address.

The per-key overhead of the ConcurrentHashMap-based on-heap cache,
assuming a 64-bit JVM with compressed OOPS, would be around 92 bytes:
32 bytes for `ConcurrentHashMap.Node`, 32 bytes for `MetadataImmortalCacheEntry`,
24 bytes for `RemoteMetadata`, and 4 bytes in the `ConcurrentHashMap.table` array.

=== State transfer
State transfer does not transfer the actual values, but it still needs

> to transfer all the keys and the anchor owner information.

Reviewer: Maybe: "State transfer does not transfer values, only keys and anchor owner information.

Assuming that the values are much bigger compared to the keys,

> the anchor cache's state transfer should also be much faster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
state transfer for an anchored cache should also be much faster
```
